README.md, before:

# Remark

[![CI](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ACI+branch%3Amaster)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/piever/Remark.jl/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/piever/Remark.jl?branch=master)

A simple Julia package to create presentations from markdown using [Remark](https://github.com/gnab/remark).

## Example use

To install type the following command in the Julia Pkg REPL

```julia
(v1.0) pkg> add Remark
```

Check out the [Remark docs](https://github.com/gnab/remark/wiki/Markdown) on how to write the markdown for a Remark slideshow. The most important thing is to use `---` to separate slides; an example markdown file can be found [here](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/blob/master/examples/markdown/src/index.md).

```julia
import Remark

# Generate a presentation (html+markdown) from the markdown template
# and save it in the folder "presentation".
markdown_template = joinpath(dirname(dirname(pathof(Remark))), "examples", "markdown")
cp(markdown_template, "presentation")
slideshowdir = Remark.slideshow("presentation",
                                options = Dict("ratio" => "16:9"),
                                title = "My beautiful slides")

# Open presentation in default browser.
Remark.open(slideshowdir)
```

The `presentation` folder will also include a `make.jl` file that can be used to automatically rebuild the presentation (it is enough to `include` it).
Of course, the `make.jl` file can be customized to fit your needs, e.g., setting keyword arguments of `Remark.slideshow` or activating a `Project.toml` file for reproducibility.

It is also possible to use a julia file as a starting point (i.e., `index.jl`), thanks to the [Literate](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl) package.
As explained in the Literate documentation, add a comment to slides corresponding to markdown. A slide separator is now `# ---` for example.

To get started, simple do:

```julia
import Remark

# Generate a presentation (html+markdown) from the julia template
# and save it in the folder "julia_presentation".
julia_template = joinpath(dirname(dirname(pathof(Remark))), "examples", "julia")
cp(julia_template, "julia_presentation")
slideshowdir = Remark.slideshow("julia_presentation",
                                options = Dict("ratio" => "16:9"),
                                title = "My beautiful slides")

# Open presentation in default browser.
Remark.open(slideshowdir)
```

## External assets, styling, and customization

If you need extra assets, simply add a `assets` folder inside `src`. It will be copied in the `build` folder automatically.

If you want to use a custom stylesheet rather than the default, simply add a `style.css` file in your `src` folder.
Your overall folder structure would be:

```
presentation/
├── src/
│   └── index.md (or .jl)
│   └── style.css
│   └── assets/
├── build/ (generated by the package)
│   └── index.html
│   └── style.css
│   └── assets/
```

The title of the presentation can be customized via the `title` keyword.
[Remark.js options](https://github.com/gnab/remark/wiki/Configuration#api) can be set using the `options` keyword.
[Documenter](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl) is run on the markdown by default: to keep the markdown as is, use `documenter=false`.

## Features

- The `slideshow` command creates a slideshow that uses local javascript libraries: the resulting presentation folder can be opened offline.

- All features of Documenter are automatically available here, for example use `# hide` at the end of a line of code for it to not appear in the slideshow (useful for saving plots, see [example](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/blob/master/examples/markdown/src/index.md)).

Commit message:

add proper generate method (#49)
* add proper generate method

* fix remaining read only files

README.md, after:

# Remark

[![CI](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ACI+branch%3Amaster)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/piever/Remark.jl/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/piever/Remark.jl?branch=master)

A simple Julia package to create presentations from markdown using [Remark](https://github.com/gnab/remark).

## Example use

To install type the following command in the Julia Pkg REPL

```julia
(v1.0) pkg> add Remark
```

Check out the [Remark docs](https://github.com/gnab/remark/wiki/Markdown) on how to write the markdown for a Remark slideshow. The most important thing is to use `---` to separate slides; an example markdown file can be found [here](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/blob/master/examples/markdown/src/index.md).

```julia
import Remark

# Generate a presentation (html+markdown) from the markdown template
# and save it in the folder "presentation", which should not exist when this is called.
Remark.generate("presentation")
slideshowdir = Remark.slideshow("presentation",
                                options = Dict("ratio" => "16:9"),
                                title = "My beautiful slides")

# Open presentation in default browser.
Remark.open(slideshowdir)
```

The `presentation` folder will also include a `make.jl` file that can be used to automatically rebuild the presentation (it is enough to `include` it).
Of course, the `make.jl` file can be customized to fit your needs, e.g., setting keyword arguments of `Remark.slideshow` or activating a `Project.toml` file for reproducibility.

It is also possible to use a julia file as a starting point (i.e., `index.jl`), thanks to the [Literate](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl) package.
As explained in the Literate documentation, add a comment to slides corresponding to markdown. A slide separator is now `# ---` for example.

To get started, simple do:

```julia
import Remark

# Generate a presentation (html+markdown) from the julia template
# and save it in the folder "julia_presentation".
julia_template = joinpath(dirname(dirname(pathof(Remark))), "examples", "julia")
cp(julia_template, "julia_presentation")
slideshowdir = Remark.slideshow("julia_presentation",
                                options = Dict("ratio" => "16:9"),
                                title = "My beautiful slides")

# Open presentation in default browser.
Remark.open(slideshowdir)
```

## External assets, styling, and customization

If you need extra assets, simply add a `assets` folder inside `src`. It will be copied in the `build` folder automatically.

If you want to use a custom stylesheet rather than the default, simply add a `style.css` file in your `src` folder.
Your overall folder structure would be:

```
presentation/
├── src/
│   └── index.md (or .jl)
│   └── style.css
│   └── assets/
├── build/ (generated by the package)
│   └── index.html
│   └── style.css
│   └── assets/
```

The title of the presentation can be customized via the `title` keyword.
[Remark.js options](https://github.com/gnab/remark/wiki/Configuration#api) can be set using the `options` keyword.
[Documenter](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl) is run on the markdown by default: to keep the markdown as is, use `documenter=false`.

## Features

- The `slideshow` command creates a slideshow that uses local javascript libraries: the resulting presentation folder can be opened offline.

- All features of Documenter are automatically available here, for example use `# hide` at the end of a line of code for it to not appear in the slideshow (useful for saving plots, see [example](https://github.com/piever/Remark.jl/blob/master/examples/markdown/src/index.md)).
